# Comprehensive LeetCode Solutions Guide

## Introduction

This repository serves as a detailed guide to solving a variety of
LeetCode problems. It aims to provide an exhaustive understanding
of each problem and its potential solutions by showcasing diverse
problem-solving methods.

The primary objective of this repository is educational. The 
methods and solutions featured here are for illustrative purposes,
demonstrating the fundamental concepts of algorithmic
problem-solving. As such, these solutions may not adhere to
production-level code quality standards. They are not designed to
handle all possible edge cases, nor do they ensure optimal error
handling and recovery. The solutions are tailored to answer
LeetCode problems specifically, and they may not be sufficiently
generic for direct use in real-world cases. Users are encouraged
to view these solutions as a stepping stone to understanding the
underlying principles and apply these learnings to create robust,
production-ready solutions for their own use cases.

## Problems and Solutions

Each problem is solved using several distinct methods, each 
accompanied by a clear and concise explanation. These explanations
guide users through the underlying logic and workings of the
approach, ensuring a deep understanding of the problem-solving
process.

The solutions are organised by problem ID, which is the number
assigned to each problem by LeetCode. The problem ID is used as
the name of the directory containing the solutions for that
problem. Each problem directory contains a README file that
provides a brief overview of the problem and its solutions. It
also contains a table that summarises the time and space
complexities of each solution method.

## Complexity Analysis

Each solution method is paired with a theoretical analysis of
its time and space complexity, expressed in Big _O_ notation. This
analysis provides a theoretical estimate of the solution's
efficiency, allowing users to compare the complexities of
different methods and gain a better understanding of the
trade-offs involved in selecting a particular approach.

## Considerations

The solutions featured in this repository are not intended to be
the most efficient or optimal solutions to the problems. Instead,
they are designed to be easy to understand and implement, making
them ideal for educational purposes.

Also remember, the complexity analysis provided is theoretical and
does not account for the constant factors involved in the
implementation. As such, the analysis should be used as a
guideline for comparing the relative efficiencies of different
methods, rather than as a definitive measure of the solution's
performance. The actual running time of an algorithm may be
affected by various factors, including the size and nature of the
input, code optimisations, and the execution environment.

## Contributing

Collective efforts from the community can greatly enhance this
resource, and therefore contributions are more than welcome!
To contribute, please refer to the guidelines in the
[contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more
information.

---

Should there be any queries, suggestions, or bug reports, please
feel free to raise an issue or submit a pull request.
